---
published: true
title: Trendy chaos in! Fashion editor teaches you how capricious buy buy buy or do not eat dirt?
layout: post
---
Every season we look at were already stuffed closet is still complaining about have no clothes to wear. See major brand new completely unable to control their desire to purchase. So, you eat soil last month, right? How can we in seasonal willful to buy buy buy, do not eat it?1, cleaning the closet, set aside to buy spaceAll their closets to see without eyes, feeling worn out clothes the throw away, give away as much as possible can come up with a donated! WHY? Don\'t even ask! All clothes that you thought it was low, drowned out those who had nice clothes! Since you despise, and have no desire to wear, then why keep why??2, a clear understanding of their own, do a purchase budgetCleaning out the closet, I think everything else is your favorite itemsNow calm down to, look at, what they normally attend many occasions? What style of dress? Must know, ensure that every important occasion had clothes to wear, good wardrobe categories percentage, and then as a reference when buying, meet an occasion marked off.3 investment classicThese classic is missing, that is why you have so many clothes and nothing to wear cause!!You know the normal combination of a wardrobe, should be 70% classic, and 20% special that reflects their personality, the trend only 10%. Buy classic is guaranteed without any errors, overall look rich variety of basic security. White shirt, striped t, for example, denim jackets, leather jackets, windbreaker, black legging, jeans, skirts, black boots, Sneaker, and so on, these are indispensable basic items in your closet. With them you can not have no clothes to wear. Fashion is fleeting and style remain, absolutely no sense., Small items more often than large items of FashionA sunglasses that suits your face shape, for example, a piece of his own taste in watches, a variety of silk scarves, a timeless little top hat, or of being a pair of socks. Take this year as an example, is your most small items worth into a long thin scarf or collars, and so on.These small pieces of ornament, is the highlight of your overall mix, have their fashion style is completely different. Mainly cheap, buy a few purses is not bleeding. This match is both lazy and also very Chic tips to save money!5, do not blindly pursue the trendDo not blindly follow the trend, don\'t blindly follow trends, not to blindly follow the trend important never to say it three times, or how to remember!Popular that season when all of a sudden burst of fire at those items, such as Super fire last summer shoes, Super fire fur shoes a while ago, recently compared the fire Granny shoes ...Whatever the fashion is cyclical, and you wear shoes with others last year says you foreign flavor, but if you take out wearing this year you can see at a glance what are you bought last year. Is so sensitive, if you purchased in a single large heat when too many must do the next year you have prepared with no clothes to wear.PS: the popular how to buy?First of all, you have to know exactly what is in fashion. For example: this popular color stripes, flower prints, flounces and other elements (details can take a look at the history of Cosmo records)Then, you need to know if this popular item for you (to think in terms of stature and temperament of the two)Next, you need to control the purchase, small purchase, never screams when she sees clothes shopping (Ah - this popular Lotus sleeve, I don\'t buy it! Ah - this print than my bandanna, much more nicer! ) Do come on, pop only accounts for 10% would be nice in your closet, use it and man no good basic mix together to create n sets of decent trendy Look.6. find your style and buy only for their ownMust buy for themselves, for themselves, for their own, like this!If you must follow, or do not know what to wear. Give you a piece of advice, find a suitable fashion icon. First she puts good taste you like, or you build, the third highest rate of exposure to buy her a couple of items. Purpose and has options to buy, then why doesn\'t her worn wrong. Over time your tastes were also upgraded, and then slowly you can follow your own style.Fashion icon, simply give a few examples: [Who wear look is classic 8 Group makes it easy](https://fendi2016.wordpress.com/2016/02/16/who-wear-look-is-classic-8-group-makes-it-easy-for-you-female-bloggers-range/)Like fat girls can choose Kristina Bazan [Who wear look is classic 8 Group makes it easy](https://fendi2016.wordpress.com/2016/02/16/who-wear-look-is-classic-8-group-makes-it-easy-for-you-female-bloggers-range/)Short girls can choose Sarah MikealaLike mashups can choose neutral Margaret Zhang like smart choice fashion icon Alexa Chung since the endless, there is always a right for you!Items suitable for popular clothes invest in classic style-with the trend of fashion