---
published: true
title: CHANEL Chanel watches table 2016 Basel Exhibition
layout: post
---
Chanel in 2016 table of Basel exhibition presents 39 new creations, whether classic Watch series, and new watches, reflects the brand\'s great creativity and craftsmanship: \r PREMIèRE [2016SIHH new Panerai 3rd power reserve steel](http://www.mkfans.com/2016/01/24/2016sihh-new-panerai-3rd-power-reserve-steel-wristwatch/)In 1987, Chanel launched its first exclusively for women\'s classic watch PREMI è RE.Its octagonal dial design inspired n ° 5 perfume bottle shape and the iconic outline of Joan Fontaine in Paris square. In 2012, the PREMI è RE camellias floating Tourbillon watches the birth of mark PREMI è RE entered the complex function of watches in the world.J12 Collector MirrorIn 2016, Chanel launched a new J12 COLLECTOR MIRROR white Bracelet Watch, dial numbers displayed as the Phantom in the mirror. Wrist movements, dazzling dial mirror effect.BOY · FRIENDChanel BOY · FRIEND watches, watches of the handsome and charismatic, designed specifically for women. Shape: octagonal. Octagonal dial design inspired by the iconic PREMI è RE watch, to the classic legend of n ° 5 perfume bottle shape and Ba Lifang square pays tribute to the contours. This watch is simple and elegant lines, perfectly embodies the iconic Chanel watchmaking design vocabularies. Design combines modern and classic, each edge is polished or satin, to reflect pure perfection. Inspiration: masculine beauty. Chanel first PREMI è RE full of women\'s charm watch, into the new realm full of manly beauty. BOY · Cleverly into the Chanel Lady love male FRIEND watches fashion elements. Its a unique name, there is no doubt that subverts the classic women\'s watch design guidelines.\"MADEMOISELLE PRIV e\" jewelry watches series, opened a Chanel Lady private world of mystery, to show people what she loved and iconic symbols, as well as an indispensable element of life.Technician by the most excellent enamel, engraving craftsman and master of the jewel-encrusted co-authoring the series, combined with the superior technology of Haute Horlogerie and Haute Joaillerie, Chanel\'s innovative watchmaking legend wrote a glorious chapter, reveals a brand unique arts and crafts tradition and craftsmanship.Gem carvingStone carving is an ancient jewellery processing technology, dating back to ancient Egypt. This is a semi-precious stone carved out of the cut and Emboss technique. Chanel was first applied to the Watch works in 2014. MADEMOISELLE PRIV e watches, gemstone carving technique inspired famous ebony finish on the dial screen, gave dial a unique depth and realism. Under the carving of the uncompromising, coral, turquoise, Carnelian and lapis lazuli into the bird fluttered. Onyx Pocket picture material, gently falling on the Golden Eagles of the fiber. Each face is unique, and took over 100 hours of production.Carved gold-birdCarved gold is an Onyx dial art the sublimation of traditional crafts. After shaping, carving, gold oxide under dot, pattern on the dial much more lifelike poses. Jump from the East in ebony finish screen birds, flowers, fibers, light and smart, with embossed into the different views on the dial.In 2016, the works, a new technology gives bird life, with wrist movements, and fly. Each dial on the finely crafted and testing birds flapped its wings and take as long as three weeks.LES éTERNELLES DE CHANELChanel Grand launch of the new Irene TERNELLES LES é DE CHANEL jewelry watches series, this is the brand\'s second year in the series of works. Irene this limited collection series bearing the Chanel jewelry of great creativity and craftsmanship, along with new works continue to introduce more colorful. In 2016, the Chanel fine jewelry design workshop to pay tribute to the brand logo diamond plaid.In the new design, the diamonds are arranged in a diamond, and exotic jewelry, pair, magnificent Flash reveals the essence of Chanel Couture. Four unique Irene jewelry watches set with soft colors and precious jewelry, like the four sides of the diamond, precious dial carefully hidden.PREMIèRE FLYING TOURBILLON [2016SIHH new Panerai 3rd power reserve steel](http://www.mkfans.com/2016/01/24/2016sihh-new-panerai-3rd-power-reserve-steel-wristwatch/)Premi è re floating Tourbillon jewellery watch, led women into Haute world.Floating Tourbillon wristwatch with camellias as shapes, using table-free design, the movement with a very exquisite openwork technique to show. This remarkable movement is Chanel with Switzerland watchmakers Renaud and Papi (under the APRP SA) separation of the collaborative effort. There is no doubt that Premi è re floating Tourbillon watches reflect a watchmaker\'s vision of time: to attain the noble.MONSIEUR DE CHANELChanel presented Monsieur watches, designed for men to build a watch. It all started with a desire, a vision, and a piece of design. This watch an unprecedented, unique, born to dream. Its movement is the only one of the new creation, create to give it life. Its case is to reach creative works, to host it for the mission. This is how Chanel with the infinite desire to create an immortal masterpiece. A desire to breed the perfect product. MONSIEUR de CHANEL wristwatch equipped with Chanel\'s first homemade high watchmaking calibre CALIBRE 1, equipped with two functions of instantaneous jumping hour and returning to the minute hand, bold, connotative and low-key. Select the complex function, silent hours match the extreme simplicity with a number of cases, all seem to speak for themselves. Through this watch, Chanel\'s interpretation of the unique concept of fortitude on the part of men\'s watch of the United States.Watch dial process of Chanel Jewelry Design tab classic