---
published: true
title: Style gods Ling xiaosu road to mature male to wear charm set
layout: post
---
Yes, only two people will appeal to our eyes, a little meat, is a mature male. Hands between men, uninhibited bearish signs, today the street is representative of the mature male, high quality actor Ling xiaosu. Ling xiaosu is such a man, seemingly placid, it\'s worth savoring, his way of dressing like this man, as he sends out the temperament, water clarity, but have their own flavor.A, summer, blowing a fresh windKnitting t simple wild gestures and leisure occupy every womans wardrobe essential elements for a long time, natural and not too casual. Of course, the best partner is the Blazer. Blazer has a tradition of serious content, choose one little conventional suits show for new ideas, floral suit put pale Apple-green knitted t shirt, you do not need too many burdensome decorations will put a sense of fashion.In order to avoid bland need pants and shoes to work hard. Casual pants from the version on the closest dress pants, are modified legs-perfect items. Usually, colors in black, Khaki and army green. In the style of choice, try not to get too tight, the length should not be too long, rolled up his trousers to his ankles. Choosing a khaki and white sneaker, increasing fashion.Coat: YE\'SbyYESIR [Icon of smartly dressed best dressed man in the](http://www.mkfans.com/2016/03/21/icon-of-smartly-dressed-best-dressed-man-in-the-world-to-teach-you-hip-in-early/)Inside take: COSPants: CLUB MONACOShoes: private [Icon of smartly dressed best dressed man in the](http://www.mkfans.com/2016/03/21/icon-of-smartly-dressed-best-dressed-man-in-the-world-to-teach-you-hip-in-early/)Second, summer easy? To the striped shirt!Summer items that best represent the sea wind was striped t-shirt or shirt. Simple, clean, whether it is to go to the beach or everyday wear, can there be a \"the wind blows\" feel.Spring and summer seasons, simple stripe t-shirt has become a wardrobe essential for wild items match, striped t shirt items can also wear a different flavor. Best match is casual pants, style and simple, not fancy, with a solid-colored slacks, losing both rigorous and seemingly very casual comfortable, prominent sportsman strong right figure. Avoid wearing striped Oh, not good, you will look like a very sick man. Outside Jean jacket is very made, although tone pure, but has a very good match, very gentleman, roll up your sleeves at once seems overall very tasty. Perfect!Jacket: COSShoes: NIKEThird, how to wear simple white t\'s not easyPlain white t\'s simple enough, dress, fit-neckline shape affects the feeling to wear. Generally more relaxed, high collar white t wear brings out the lean build. So I want to wear simple clothes, try on the pants and jacket with some other colors.White T+ dark slacks, a seemingly casual pants it will show more color, two arbitrary properties and explosive items of the table together, can easily put people against very high atmosphere, but do not select sizes too tight, otherwise they will be highlighting its legs, especially when the calf muscles when developed. If you want to choose slim design also make sure to leave some loose. Pants optional color a lot, but it also felt there are four colors are a must when men---black, Khaki, Navy, green and Navy Blue.Outside the leisure suit jacket, button up dress to commuters, not only can keep the dress coat brings you mature and stable, Club also unlock buttons work OK, whole casual chic and smart and handsome!Four, really! Wore only plain t can get you handsome heavenBlack is always fashionable colors, the weather is getting hotter, in addition to the classic t-shirts, stylish and well built black t-shirts are more not less. Pitched shorts above the knee in length, for the majority of boys are the most appropriate way of dressing.Short is good, but if you do not select a good Blazer, will inevitably leave a sloppy sense is not clear. To coat paired with shorts is good, the key is to highlight the overall \"fit\".In the selection of shoes, and shorts is the partner of sneakers or canvas shoes, or with a pair of this year\'s hottest little white shoes, easy to wear out to the streets with style.Inside take: YE\'SbyPants: DEPOT3Shoes: ZARALeisure suit jacket matched with a simple casual Ling xiaosu single stripe