---
published: true
title: Fall and winter cold hits must be \"bright\" niche
layout: post
---
There are many kinds of color. Wear clothing above we just choose to accept color. If the color is too bright, or jumping overboard, we hesitated. But in the colder season in autumn and winter, we select heavy color is more, deep color. Selected first of all is good with clothes these colors, or choose according to your intuition directly to these deep colors, much less something slightly lighter color.To introduce several new and combined with color in autumn and winter. Several colors are relatively not too bright, but also make it easy to put on. Also enhances visual effect, but is a few years younger. [14 smart travel together to your health weight](https://moshino2016.wordpress.com/2016/01/30/14-smart-travel-together-to-your-health-weight-loss/)This hippy hat, mix in the autumn and winter vest, windbreaker, sweater can be. First of all, this hat, dumped the paint color and don\'t play, similar to Mosaic color on the inside. Also very easy to match clothes color and simple integration into the overall color. CAP is designed to display to the dress sense of another attitude and style.Autumn and winter cold hits to do light nicheYellow series. Yellow waistcoats matching the yellow shoes. Yellow is warm, we can match the yellow sapphire blue, denim blue shirt or sweater upper ocean bearing straight line, first hit both cold and warm shades of color is harmonious coordination, increase of fashion, a gray khaki pants optional, any more than the yellow-yellow, not dark blue shirt. Yellow vest, and shoes, points more clearly and echo up and down up and down, the overall highlights of each Union.Red is more festive color in autumn and winter. Always bright red in the winter, skin, pushing lifting turned very white.Yellow color of the vest. Contrast color on purple or red Concord collision. Compared to this collision of several colors are bold. Not above average play, but also increases the Visual effect of freshness. Same style can also wear the same color.The colored pencil pants, slim straight jeans is indispensable to us in Asia should be one. Asians do not have Europe and the tall, tall no Europe and America, so skinny jeans will be modified to match since our legs were long and narrow waist, wearing clothing displays more coordination is very slim, highlighting the advantages of disadvantages is hidden.Europe Street, a small amount of black, more black than the color, whether it is light or dark colors, is always less deep.Color match yellow in autumn and winter Brights vest color visuals Asians [14 smart travel together to your health weight](https://moshino2016.wordpress.com/2016/01/30/14-smart-travel-together-to-your-health-weight-loss/)