---
published: true
title: Lady Thatcher\'s Iron Lady costumes political
layout: post
---
In Mrs Thatcher\'s era, and women to reach the top few, \"what should I wear? \"Have not yet been included in the political agenda of the woman. But even in today\'s point of view, Mrs Thatcher that softness and relief, both authority and sense of modesty, and elegant feminine style is still worth noting. [Le delivers look back at the big names gathered](https://swarovskicases.wordpress.com/2015/12/22/le-delivers-look-back-at-the-big-names-gathered-in-paris-for-fashion-week/)The Iron Lady ThatcherIn the Oxford Dictionary, derived from Mrs Thatcher of English words in addition to the well known \"Thatcherism\", also used as a verb \"handbag\", meaning \"fire\" or \"threat\". Only one word is sufficient to see Mrs Thatcher\'s two qualities: she has no less than male politicians of strong and firm, and truth with all women love fashion.69th annual Golden Globe awards ceremony on January 16, Meryl. Streep with shape in the movie the Iron Lady Margaret. Corner Thatcher won the \"best actress\". Before and after the 80 \'s of last century, Lady Thatcher as a United Kingdom Conservative party leader in charge of United Kingdom Prime Minister printing for 11 years, in Britain\'s most loved and most hated characters on the list are among the best. And that film\'s release not only sparked once again for the \"Iron Lady\" merits discussion, also blew a stream of \"right to fashion\" a whirlwind.Right dress Not long ago, Christie\'s will of Mrs Thatcher used a set of Asprey Black Lace bag fetched £ 25,000 price; and a Salvatore Ferragamo black is sold for £ 83,000, the EEC Summit in 1984, it was Margaret Thatcher, slamming in the presence of many dignitaries at the Conference table. Salvatore Ferragamo provides accessories for the iron lady is a sponsor, fans were able to see the \"veteran\" MUI in the black and white suit, carrying a fine symbol of the authority of the decorative chain gold buckle black leather handbags, wearing a classic black Ferragamo \"Carla\" with ballet shoes, sat in the Capitol in a dusty holodecks gentleman.Asprey and Salvatore Ferragamo handbag is always with Mrs Thatcher attended the occasion, usually material stiffness, profile Quartet, a modest, well-made dark leather bags. In addition to putting lipstick and combs, are Parliament documents and articles of economist John Maynard Keynes, or even flashlights and an antidote to prevent attacks. Ever since Margaret Thatcher said: \"my bag is the only safe place in Downing Street. \"Her handbags have become the focus of media attention chasing. There is a good summary of the law, if a package in the left arm, on behalf of the United Kingdom prevail in negotiations, otherwise you are not good. [Le delivers look back at the big names gathered](https://swarovskicases.wordpress.com/2015/12/22/le-delivers-look-back-at-the-big-names-gathered-in-paris-for-fashion-week/)Now, fashion has become a political figure to the public interpretation of personality traits and political positions, and sometimes a special political strategy. But in Mrs Thatcher\'s era to reach the top female sporadic, \"what should I wear? \"Have not yet been included in the agendas of powerful women in politics. And Margaret Thatcher on the instrument has been very focused on her recommendations reference image consultant Gordon Reece, took off his old hat by traditional pearls collar with pussy bow silky shirts and brightly colored suits, to extract than the old-school elegant and concise \"Thatcher style.\" This isn\'t the first time the feminist revolution, will have finally climbed a few steps on the ladder of power fashion. More importantly, since her time, whether Ms Tymoshenko, is Hillary Clinton. Clinton, female figure of the politician\'s aides always includes a fashion expert. The iron lady\'s make-up artist Lisa Armstrong says: \"in terms of fashion influence, Mrs Thatcher may not as good as some of today\'s politicians. But as the film shows, her dress is a carefully considered decision. \"Her choice of clothing is often excellent tailoring and femininity is very strong, high quality without luxury grandiose, focus is to highlight the absolute style in England. In the last century \"do not women\" politics, such a fashion decision is intended to highlight Mrs Thatcher\'s demure, feminine and authoritative, so she is not fantastic in their tough male opponents described as a \"nasty old bitch\".1984 Fontainebleau Palace at the European Union Summit, Mrs Thatcher\'s brilliant man, blonde long after like a helmet, wearing a black cashmere coat embroidered Daisy pattern, wearing trademark pearl earrings, necklaces. \"European integration\" issues confrontations with her for a long time France President Francois Mitterrand put comment her appearance and temperament: \"she wears a Marilyn. Monroe mouth and Caligula (Roman tyrants) eyes. \"This sentence is, of course, compliments, praises Thatcher exudes the sexy taste of power.Pearl and blue Originally called Margaret Thatcher. Roberts, grew up in a very traditional United Kingdom middle-class families. In her girlhood, virtuous mother daughter \"dress appropriately, practical, clean and meet conservative requirements for Methodist denominations\", Margaret love for vivid color as an adult was seen as a continuation of childhood aspirations. The 1950 \'s, she in law at the University of Oxford, and politics in early elections to become members of the House of Commons. During that time, she met then forever husband, Denis Thatcher, her generous financial support from the husband, her clothes from this period becomes gorgeous.Colleagues in politics, the young Margaret was bold, wardrobe from black and white and color-free; summer, she wore even with bare arms, bright show calf dress, like a wind-like through the corridor at the Palace of Westminster. In the beginning of the Premiership, Thatcher\'s dress code has not been well received, even the media ridiculed her cumbersome attire appropriate to draw caricatures. But she quickly found two styles for tags--blue and Pearl. Stable blue not only look elegant without losing energy, and was elected to represent the color. As for the love of Pearl, she is no secret; whether it is daily dress and dinner dress, one to three Pearl Necklace never left her neck. She was mentioned in the interview: \"Pearl brightens the complexion, gives glory. If you carefully observe the dress beautiful girls, you will find the importance of Pearl. A plain clothes accompanied by pearls, it looks distinguished. ”In 1983, Thatcher began her second term as Prime Minister, clothing style has changed a lot the past: bold stiff profile, white trim dark suits, sharp shoulder pads, and exaggerated bow outside of the suit collar, lightness, blue is used to the fullest. Thatcher during this period by the strong policy to tie her, himself a dazzling Queen Bee. The iron lady will be this \"very power-hungry, unflattering image of\" reproduced. Film costume designer Consolata Boyle studied old photos of Mrs Thatcher, imitation of her favourite fashion brand Aquascutum and Jean Muir, Meryl. Streep made \"brilliant\" overall shape, designers use \"Diva\" Word: \"political Zenith, Thatcher like Opera prima ballerina. \"As for the\" not pleasing \"that Consolata refers to the former employment Minister Alan Clark said:\" like her? She is not used to like it. ”Fashion designers to \"Thatcher-style\" is interested in. Aquascutum former creative director Marianne Abrahams believes the heavyweight guests on the improvement of women\'s detail men\'s important role, on this day of profound impact women. She said: \"Mrs Thatcher was very clear about what you want, especially for shoulder detail. \"Handbag designer Anya Hindmarch suggested that Mrs Thatcher was a good dress:\" clothing tastes great, and never robbed me of my wit. ”In 1984, Thatcher met Pro-labour party pioneer Designer Katharine Hamnett, who with bold fashion and is known for its radical political views. Katharine Hamnett wore a long white shirt and dirty sneakers, t-shirts printed with \"reactionary slogans\": 58% people don\'t want Pershing missiles. This is dressed in dark red velvet dress, lined with white bow-tie shirt very interesting contrast to Mrs Thatcher – high above the magnificent \"woman\" with her \"punk kezimin\" honour. \"Punk Queen\" Vivienee Westwood is more blunt: \"I\'ve seen her once, it satisfied my curiosity. Sure enough, she was worse than I thought. ”Now, Thatcher lived a quiet life after retirement, rarely appears in public view. However, in 2007, at the age of 82, she received United Kingdom version of the Vogue interview, to show her \"no shirts\" formal wardrobe. Famous fashion photographer Mario Testino takes this opportunity to realize their own shooting Mrs Thatcher\'s wishes, he whispered, filmed the scene dressed in trademark blue suit of \"Iron Lady\" hinted that he, \"where necessary, you can use Photoshop.\"Mrs Margaret Thatcher, the Iron Lady dress Pearl handbag fashion women United Kingdom